Quantum Properties: Discretization-energy has levels, but no  nuance just discrete values. Because of this,
 we can either use quantum objects as 0 or 1 the building blocks of computing. Superposition. Interference- the 
 quantum states of objects can add up or cancel out. Entanglement- it doesn’t matter the distance, particles 
 affect each other. Each quantum object affect each other.
What makes quantum possible? Anything that can be measured consistently in a particle is called a particle property.
 Otherwise it would be waves. What is double slit experiment? Just shows interference of waves. Also shows 
 difference between waves and particles, particles just pass through. We can think of qubits both as waves and 
 particles.
Superposition can also happen with waves by combining the waves.
Discretization with waves because quantum objects are confined, they are molded into to different shapes/energies.
 Confinement can exist naturally or artificially.
Ket notation shows state of qubits. To visually see a qubit state use bloch sphere, but can’t see entanglement.
Quantum gates are the knobs that manipulate the qubits. From logic gates. Operation of gates can be visualized 
operations on the bloch sphere.

A superposition can have equal or unequal state being affected. The closer to states 0 or 1 the state of quantum object is the line is the more it is influenced.
The Z gate changes the 1 state to be negative but that doesn’t affect where the sate lies.
|+> |-> represent superposition, x gate: moves 180 across the x axis.

How to find out the state the qubit was in? Measurement is the final step of any circuit. In order to compute with 
qubits we measure to see what states they are in. Measurement can change the state of the qubit to the state that 
the measurement gave result to. This is called collapse/or in my word remnance. You can visualize it in waves.
When measuring qubits in a superposition, what we get is a random result. The steps to measure when the qubit 
is in superposition is Repeat the measurement many times, find the average state/or statistical distribution. 
We can predict the probability of results of the measurement.

The born rule normalizes the vector then squares it. This gives you the probability of measuring it in the given
state. Physicists do not fully know if the Born rule works. This is where vectors come in handy. The vector notation
for qubit states allows us to represent the component of |0> and |1> in a superposition state mathematically.
A gate equals a matrix= transformations of states. To compress gates, we can multiply them. Matrix multiplication 
as usual. However we rarely multiply two gates. We do matrix-vector multiplication, because a quantum state
is vector. Superposition is an important quantum resource, later shown. So if you want to scramble your 
state to get superposition, you can use the Hadamard. 

Multiple systems:
The probabilistic states of the compound system is equivalent to the probabilistic states of the cartesian product of
the each individual classical system. Thus the sum of the parts is greater than the whole because we first have to 
merge the two systems and then we compute the probabilistic state, instead of just multiplying the individual 
probabilities.
Compound systems can be independent if the probability for X to be in one classical state, and the probability for Y
to be in another classical state don’t have anything to do with each other. One person in a room rolling a die, 
another  person in a room flipping a coin then this set up used to get probabilities of different combinatinos of 
states to appear.
Tensor product of vectors, is just the default way of multiplying 2 column vectors. Tensor product notation 
can also be written inside of ket. We preserve lexicographical order. Returns a column vector. What if 
column vectors not the same size? The tensor product of 2 vectors is bilinear.

To measure of probabilistic state of multiple system for example (X, Y), what happens if we just measure just X and 
do nothing to Y? We get the probability of X, We should act as if we had also measure Y. So there is still some uncertainty
 in Y, and this is represented as a conditional Probability.  PR(Y = a | X = b)
How to better represent these probabilities? Dirac notation. You use sigma to some all the sets. The probability to get outcome
 a is the sum of all probailites that appear in ket a.
Example SO when you have two bits that represent states, you have a probabilistic equation of: 00, 01, 10, 11. Each has its 
probability as a coefficient. If you measure the first bit, get the first bit out by factoring. SO the first measurement of 
outcome 0 for example will be equal to the sum of the probabilities inside of the parentheses. 
If you are extracting the probability for the second qubit, standard notation is to factor it towards the right side. 
Operations on probabilistic states: Just treating a compound system as a single system. And applying operations to it like
 it was. How does one convert from standard basis to matrix again? 
So we can also perform compound operations to compound systems, this means that the operation should happen simultaneously 
on both sub-systems X and Y.  The way to do this is tensor products to multiply matrices, because we are not using vectors.
 Notice there is tensor product of matrices and then theres tensor product of vectors. 
SO the tensor product is essentially taking the second matrix, replicating it for every entry in the first matrix, and then
 for each corresponding entry in the first matrix multiply it to the replicas.  That will create your product. Good example
  in the video. 





